initial Chef & Terraform documentation (#2375)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/terraform.md

+++
title = "Chef and Terraform"
draft = false

> aliases = ["/terraform.html"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+++
title = "Chef and Terraform"
draft = false

+++

[\[edit on GitHub\]](https://github.com/chef/chef-web-docs/blob/master/content/terraform.md)

> [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) is an open source infrastructure as code provisioning tool from [HashiCorp](https://www.hashicorp.com/). Terraform allows you to write code to define and provision infrastructure for the cloud, virtualization, and on premises. Terraform is not a configuration management tool, it is responsible for deploying, maintaining, and destroying the infrastructure that servers and applications run on. When Terraform creates cloud or virtual servers, it uses [Provisioners](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/index.html) to enable configuration management to manage them. When Terraform talks to APIs to define or configure resources, it uses [Providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html) to request those resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) is an open-source infrastructure-as-code provisioning tool from [HashiCorp](https://www.hashicorp.com/). Terraform allows you to write code to define and provision infrastructure for the cloud, virtual machines, and on-premises machines. Terraform is not a configuration management tool, it is responsible for deploying, maintaining, and destroying the infrastructure that servers and applications run on. When Terraform creates cloud or virtual servers, it uses [Provisioners](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/index.html) to enable configuration management to manage them. When Terraform talks to APIs to define or configure resources, it uses [Providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html) to request those resources.
```

Chef Infra Provisioner
======================

> The [Terraform Chef Provisioner](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/chef.html) bootstraps Terraform-provisioned with Chef Infra via SSH or WinRM and configures them to work with a [Chef Infra Server](/server_overview/). Standard bootstrap options such as Chef Infra versions, secrets, proxies, and assigning run lists via Policyfiles or Roles and Environments are all supported. The referenced documentation provides a complete list of supported options and an example of usage. HashiCorp provides support for the [Terraform Chef Provisioner](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/chef.html) and it is not officially supported by Chef Software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Terraform Chef Provisioner](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/chef.html) bootstraps Terraform, provisioned with Chef Infra via SSH or WinRM, and configures them to work with a [Chef Infra Server](/server_overview/). Standard bootstrap options such as Chef Infra versions, secrets, proxies, and assigning run lists via Policyfiles or Roles and Environments are all supported. The referenced documentation provides a complete list of supported options and an example of usage. HashiCorp provides support for the [Terraform Chef Provisioner](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/chef.html) and it is not officially supported by Chef Software.
```

## Terraform and Chef Solo ##

> If you are using [Chef Solo](/chef_solo/) you will most likely want to use the [Terraform remote-exec Provisioner](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/remote-exec.html) rather than the Terraform Chef Provsioner. The remote-exec Provisioner may be used to run a script or an inline set of commands on the newly created machine. Please refer to the [Terraform remote-exec Provisioner documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/remote-exec.html) for further options and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [Chef Solo](/chef_solo/), you will most likely want to use the [Terraform remote-exec Provisioner](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/remote-exec.html) rather than the Terraform Chef Provisioner. The remote-exec Provisioner may be used to run a script or an inline set of commands on the newly created machine. Please refer to the [Terraform remote-exec Provisioner documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/remote-exec.html) for further options and examples.
```

### Example remote-exec inline ###

```
resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  # ...

  provisioner "remote-exec" {
    inline = [
      "wget -O /tmp/chef.rpm https://MYSERVER/chef_installers/chef-15.8.23-1.el7.x86_64.rpm",
      "rpm -Uvh /tmp/chef.rpm",
      "wget -O /tmp/base.tgz https://MYSERVER/policyfiles/base.tgz",
      "tar -C /tmp -xzf /tmp/base.tgz",
      "PWD=/tmp/base chef-client -z",
    ]
  }
}
```

Chef Infra Provider
===================

> The [Terraform Chef Provider](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/chef/index.html) allows management of Chef Infra Server resources (nodes, data bags, etc.) via the Chef Infra Server API. Policyfiles, cookbooks, clients, and ACLs are not currently managed via the Provider. The [Terraform Chef Provider documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/chef/index.html) provides a complete list of supported options and an example of usage. HashiCorp provides support for the Terraform Chef Provider and it is not officially supported by Chef Software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Terraform Chef Provider](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/chef/index.html) allows you to manage Chef Infra Server resources (nodes, data bags, etc.) using the Chef Infra Server API. Policyfiles, cookbooks, clients, and ACLs are not currently managed with the Provider. The [Terraform Chef Provider documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/chef/index.html) provides a complete list of supported options and an example of usage. HashiCorp provides support for the Terraform Chef Provider and it is not officially supported by Chef Software.
```
